gh-66436: Improved prog default value for argparse.ArgumentParser (#124799)
python/cpython: Doc/library/argparse.rst

prog
^^^^

By default, :class:`ArgumentParser` calculates the name of the program
to display in help messages depending on the way the Python inerpreter was run:

* The :func:`base name <os.path.basename>` of ``sys.argv[0]`` if a file was
  passed as argument.

> * The Python inerpreter name followed by ``sys.argv[0]`` if a directory or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Python interpreter name followed by ``sys.argv[0]`` if a directory or
```

  a zipfile was passed as argument.

> * The Python inerpreter name followed by ``-m`` followed by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Python interpreter name followed by ``-m`` followed by the
```

   args = parser.parse_args()

The help for this program will display ``myprogram.py`` as the program name

> (regardless of where the program was invoked from) if run it as a script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(regardless of where the program was invoked from) if it is run as a script:
```

    -h, --help  show this help message and exit
    --foo FOO   foo help

> If import it as a module, the help will display a corresponding command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is executed via the :option:`-m` option, the help will display a corresponding command line:
```

    -h, --help  show this help message and exit
    --foo FOO   foo of the myprogram program

.. versionchanged:: 3.14

>    The default value is now not simply ``os.path.basename(sys.argv[0])``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The default ``prog`` value now reflects how ``__main__`` was actually executed,
   rather than always being ``os.path.basename(sys.argv[0])``.
```
